We've divided this course into three parts.
The first part is a review of general software engineering practices,
like using version control and documenting your code.
In the second part,
you're going to build your own Python package using object oriented programming.
If you've ever wondered how pandas or the scikit-learn packages work under the hood,
that's what this lesson is all about.
Finally, the last part will be an introduction to web development.
You're going to build a data visualization web app that you can put online and share.
In all of these lessons,
you will gain practical skills and produce a couple of applications
that you can customize and use as a part of your professional portfolio.
But before diving into software engineering practices,
we want to tell you a bit about our experiences.